Document Firefox 152 WebAssembly JS-PI support (#44329)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/152/index.md

<!-- #### Removals -->

> ### WebAssembly

Reviewer: Remove this change. If it is not yet released, it just goes in the "Experimental web features" section of the page, not in both places.

## Experimental web features

> These features are shipping in Firefox 152 but are disabled by default unless otherwise noted.

Reviewer: This change is wrong. Revert it.

To experiment with them, search for the appropriate preference on the `about:config` page and set it to `true`.
You can find more such features on the [Experimental features](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Experimental_features) page.

- **WebAssembly JavaScript Promise Integration (JS-PI)**: `javascript.options.wasm_js_promise_integration`

>   WebAssembly JavaScript Promise Integration is now available in Nightly builds, where it is enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  WebAssembly JavaScript Promise Integration (JS-PI) allows WebAssembly modules to interoperate with asynchronous, {{jsxref("Promise")}}-based JavaScript APIs. This lets WebAssembly code suspend while waiting for a JavaScript promise and resume when the promise settles. WebAssembly JS-PI is now available in nightly builds.
```
